Chuck Norris Quotes *******

If your soul needs healing, the prescription you need is not Chuck Norris' tears, it's Jesus' blood.

In America the schools have become too permissive, the kids now are controlling the schools, the tail is wagging the dog. We've got to make a change there and get it back to where the teachers have control of the classrooms.

I haven't always been warmly welcomed for holding my conservative positions in Hollywood. Then again, I've never been very good at being politically correct either, on or off screen. So why start now?

Use God's mighty weapons, not those made by men, to knock down the devil's strongholds.

There are few problems in this world that cannot be solved by a swift roundhouse kick to the face. In fact, there are none.

I have a lot of guns on my ranch. I don't use them for hunting. I'm not a hunter. It's for protection. The Second Amendment was designed for tyranny.

As the adage goes, 'fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me'... It's time for patriots everywhere to rally together again and take back America.

When the boogie man goes to sleep he checks his closet for me

Always remember that your success begins inside you: If you can't see it first, no one else ever will.

There is no finish line. When you reach one goal, find a new one.

You are not what has happened to you. You are what you choose to become.

If you want to accomplish anything in life, you can't just sit back and hope it will happen. You've got to make it happen.

The only time we fail is when we stop trying.

A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.

The only time you lose at something is when you don't learn from that experience.

Anything worth achieving will always have obstacles in the way

Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth.

Good morals lead to good laws.

If you come back in here, I'm gonna hit you with so many rights, you're gonna beg for a left.

One of my life's principles is to develop myself to the maximum of my potential in all ways and to help others do the same.

Running from your fear can be more painful than facing it, for better or worse.

Unfortunately, people are re-interpreting the Constitution as a living document, and it's not. It's a solid-based document and it shouldn't be played with.

Karate is the best thing you can do for your child.

Whatever luck I had, I made. I was never a natural athlete, but I paid my dues in sweat and concentration and took the time necessary to learn karate and become world champion.

I think setting a goal, getting a visual image of what it is you want. You've got to see what it is you want to achieve before you can pursue it.

If some thug breaks into my home I can use my roundhouse kick, but I prefer he look down the barrel of my gun.

Chuck Norris knows the last digit of PI.

If I had said, "I don't stand a chance," one thing is clear: I wouldn't have.

When I got into the film business, my aim was to adopt a positive persona, of a guy who fights against injustice. And it saved me, because my acting was atrocious to say the least!

Some of the most miserable people I know are some of the richest people in America, they are the most miserable individuals I've ever seen.

Cross Country: No half times, no time outs, no substitutions. It must be the only true sport.

When I got into the film world, I got sucked into the secular aspect of the entertainment field and I really drifted away from my faith. Its amazing...as successful as I was as an actor, and the money and the fame, there was still something missing.

We're all human beings. And we all have our prejudices and so forth, but the thing is, let's be tolerant with each other. And if we could do that, there would be a lot more peace in our world today.

I'm very grateful for every thing I have. You know when you start losing that then you start losing what life's all about.

If I had said, "I don't stand a chance," one thing is clear: I wouldn't have.
